README.md, before:

## Ramsey Model with Exogenous Growth

### Cobb-Douglas production function

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=Y_t = F(K_t,H_tN_t)=K_t^\alpha (E_t N_t )^{1-\alpha}">

such that <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=E_0=1"> ， <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=N_0=1">


### Log utility

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\sum_{s=0}^{\infty} \beta^s U(C_{t%2Bs})">
with
<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=U(C_{t%2Bs})=log(C_{t%2Bs})">

It is an special case of the CRRA utility function, where <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\sigma \rightarrow 0">.
Hence:
<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\tilde{\beta}=\beta((1%2Bg)(1%2Bn))^{1-\sigma}=\beta">

### Parameters

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\alpha = 0.3">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\beta = 0.95">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\sigma = 0.1">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=n = 0.01">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=g = 0.02">

Commit message:

:heavy_plus_sign: Add original octave code.

README.md, after:

## Ramsey Model with Exogenous Growth

This is a translation and modification based on the Octave code provided by [Prof. Thomas Hintermaier](https://www.bgse.uni-bonn.de/en/people/faculty-directory/thomas-hintermaier).

### Cobb-Douglas production function

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=Y_t = F(K_t,H_tN_t)=K_t^\alpha (E_t N_t )^{1-\alpha}">

such that <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=E_0=1"> ， <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=N_0=1">


### Log utility

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\sum_{s=0}^{\infty} \beta^s U(C_{t%2Bs})">
with
<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=U(C_{t%2Bs})=log(C_{t%2Bs})">

It is an special case of the CRRA utility function, where <img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\sigma \rightarrow 0">.
Hence:
<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\tilde{\beta}=\beta((1%2Bg)(1%2Bn))^{1-\sigma}=\beta">

### Parameters

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\alpha = 0.3">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\beta = 0.95">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=\sigma = 0.1">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=n = 0.01">

<img src="https://render.githubusercontent.com/render/math?math=g = 0.02">
